[Brainstorm — Q4 Roadmap Ideas]
Participants: Aiden (PM), Bea (Eng), Cam (Design)
Duration: ~12 min

Aiden: ok so I don't have an agenda, just wanted to throw ideas around. Q4 planning is in three weeks and I wanted to get ahead of it.

Bea: cool. Yeah I have like fifteen ideas.

Cam: same.

Aiden: ok. Big buckets first. There's the AI search thing we keep talking about. There's the multi-tenant thing. And there's the integrations cleanup.

Bea: I keep coming back to integrations. Like, every time we ship a new connector something else breaks.

Aiden: yeah.

Cam: from a design standpoint integrations would be a nightmare though. Half the work would be making the auth flows not look terrible.

Bea: I mean, that's true.

Aiden: ok. And AI search?

Bea: I think we'd need someone who actually knows ML. None of us do.

Cam: right.

Aiden: do we hire? Or do we punt?

Bea: I think we punt for now. Maybe we do a small spike just to see if it's even possible with our data shape. But not as a Q4 commitment.

Aiden: yeah I lean that way too.

Cam: I could mock up what an AI search experience would look like, just to have something to react to. I keep meaning to anyway.

Aiden: yeah that'd be cool.

Cam: yeah I'll think about it.

Aiden: ok. Multi-tenant?

Bea: that's a six-month project, not a quarter.

Aiden: yeah.

Bea: like real multi-tenant. We could do a hacky version that's basically just feature flags but I don't think that's what enterprise wants.

Aiden: no, agreed. Let's not pretend.

Cam: what about the report builder? You said earlier customers complain about it.

Aiden: yeah. That's not sexy though. Like nobody at QBR wants to hear "we made the report builder less bad."

Bea: ha.

Cam: but if customers actually want it.

Aiden: yeah I know. We should think about it more.

Bea: I'll think about pulling some support ticket data, see if it's worth it. Maybe.

Aiden: that'd be useful if you do.

Bea: yeah, no promises.

Cam: also, and this is a separate thought, I think we should redesign the home dashboard. It's been the same since 2022.

Aiden: lol yeah.

Cam: I don't know if it's a Q4 thing.

Aiden: probably not but also maybe.

Bea: classic.

Aiden: ok I'll noodle on all this and we can pick it back up next week.

Bea: cool.

Cam: yep.

Aiden: ok thanks both. Let me know if you have other thoughts.

Bea: will do.

Cam: bye.
