[Client App Demo Meeting]
Date: Friday


0:55 - Engineer
Hello, good evening.

0:57 - Engineer
Good evening to you. His day so far?

1:02 - Client
Well, I'm good. Partner is currently muted. And I don't mean that as a personal slight, so I cannot speak for him. And there's Partner. Let me check in with Advisor to see if he's joining us.

1:20 - Engineer
Hi, Engineer. Welcome to the Band A's birthplace.

1:26 - Client
Ah, you slept. Oh, no.

1:31 - Engineer
No, no, it's a it's a trailer, you know, it's a trailer That was on that that didn't happen you're on the video platform call with Engineer All right We will give Advisor a moment here if that works for everybody. Yeah one sec. I'll be right back.

1:56 - Engineer
All right OK, yeah.

2:10 - Engineer
Is everybody in or?

2:12 - Client
No, we're missing one. We'll give him a minute and a half. Does that work?

2:17 - Engineer
Yeah, yeah, no problem. I'm in no rush.

2:20 - Client
OK, and I just finished, with the help of AI, creating 22, what are they called? Called Story Treatments for 20 Many Documentaries.

2:34 - Engineer
Oh, that's beautiful. Um, so yeah, I mean, the App, it's, it's, I mean, it's only been like, you know, two or three days of really development, but I think it's pieced together really good until the to show its capabilities. And just to show like, like, this is definitely like a base that you would see that, like, you could definitely build on. And I think this should give you the full idea of its potential and exactly its use cases for what this App could be.

3:01 - Client
Here, stand by for a moment. My screen's trying to do something silly. Okay, so you have permission to share, Engineer. Okay, great.

3:15 - Engineer
Should we go straight into it, then? Okay, let's share the desktop and I'll make minimize us right here. Can you guys see my screen?

3:28 - Client
I can very well. Thank you.

3:30 - Engineer
Welcome to the Project. This is your login page currently, right? And so my main idea was with this App was like from our previous meeting notes, I have them right here to bring them up. Like, you know, most of the points that we went across, you know, especially like on the order of what's really important to this App. Like I know number one was, you know, like the originality and really showing like the culture for what it is for each unique story. And then, you know, like another big factor was this has to be ready for, you know, to the standard of Silicon Valley, right? And because this is about the music of Silicon Valley, we have to be there for that standard, especially if we're, you know, pushing something out tech, it has to be, you know, something that can hold up to what any potential future investors, potential, you know, future partnerships, anything like that. Like that. So I really focused on like on a very new approach to this App. Like the approach I took to this App hasn't really been done before in any type of App. It's been mostly used in like, like from where I got the idea was from aerospace. There's this one plane that does this. And I was like, that's kind of cool. We can kind of integrate into this App. So, so just to like, I'll do a quick rundown of me using the App and then I'll just show a little bit around it. And then afterwards I can go into, Like the capabilities of each individual feature. So when you log in obviously This is just a basic page when you guys have like the finished product You guys could tell me exactly what you want from the clients that are first time logging in because at the end of the day It's not like an App where you would have Any like direct in-App purchases like I know you guys wanted the idea of like merchandise but that would be kind of like a connection maybe to a EcommerceVendor store or wherever you're hosting that and so You can collect phone numbers, emails, you can create a CRM. We'll have a nice list for that. And we can use BackendVendor to host all that. So we can send out emails or however you'd like for your marketing. And then for right now, I just made it optional and we can press begin experience. So right now I'm on the mobile layout because obviously majority of our users are going to be on mobile. So I thought it'd be best to start the experience. So right now for this App, I hard-coded it into the App where my location's already at Band A. So the App assuming we are at the Band A instead of me actually going there and taking the meeting I just said I'm already there because gas prices are crazy and So now we are at the Band A monument. The phone has picked that up if right now I said it in a point zero to five mile radius around the area it automatically Your the App detects that if it's open and it puts you already in the Demo kind of version if a user were to log in without being at a monument, it would show their location like a normal maps App, and it would show kind of like the little check marks of all the places they could go. So it would say tap to start experience and we would.

6:26 - Engineer
Hey Engineer, looking at your location, I can see you're at the Band A's birthplace. It's a beautiful day to explore the City's music history. Currently a bit cloudy. Tap the marker when you're ready.

6:41 - Engineer
So this right here is a AI that will kind of guide you through the App. And the reason why this is a little bit more unique than just like, hey, let's have like audio clips at play. It said, hey, Engineer. And it will say hey to not just Engineer, whatever, you know, when you log in and they take your info, it will start building a profile from the moment I log into the App is when we start trying to build a profile around each user. And this profile is used for understanding exactly what type of music preferences they have. Type of art they like, what usually when they go to art, what's their usual behavior on which places they like to visit, do they usually go for coffee after. Obviously with the consent of the users and everything for the best personalized experience, we can kind of build a more better kind of guide than just a regular guide that's like a one-size-fits-all, a very personalized feedback or very personalized recommendations to the user building this profile. So the AI that came up, it's able to talk We use 11 labs in the back end to generate speech. It takes about 0.5 seconds. So whenever the AI believes it has to say something to the user, it can generate about from 0.25 to 0.5 seconds exactly what it needs to say. So right here, when you open the App, you're kind of like in the map of the City, as you can see. Right now, I have the Band A, which it's obviously, it's showing that we're already at. It understands that's our location. And right here is like, I would just, as an example, I put like how it would look like for all the other monuments around the area. So you could look around like, OK, that monument's right here. That's kind of cool. I can look at it. Right now, I just put a placeholder. But that can be all around as we continue adding. For the Demo, I focused on just one. Instead of having half finished for a lot of things, I would focus just on one, which was a great bed. And so right here on the bottom right, this button right here opens an AI Assistant tab. This is your the City guide. It says, hi, Engineer. Welcome back. I'm your personal the City rocks. I can be an assistant. I can help you with all these things. And now not only like the basic stuff, like let's say I want to eat somewhere else. Like what's a good place to eat here? And it would, it has like understanding of exactly where you are and what places are new. Say like, Hey, it says where you write a city hall, FoodDistrict square is like five minute walk and ton of food vendors plus seating. Partner, I asked you this before. I'm gonna ask you again. What's your favorite type of food? Something new.

9:06 - Partner
Indian last time, I'll say Italian this time.

9:10 - Engineer
Italian, it's a fancy word. If I could spell it, I would, but I can't. Italian food, I like, right? I'm a simple, I'm a layman's term. Even if the user isn't a hundred percent, you know, typing it right, it doesn't matter because our artificial intelligence will pick it up, it'll format it correctly. So younger kids can use this, older people can use this, a much more easy integrated experience, right? It's just perfect. Restaurant A is your spot then. It's literally three minutes this walk and I know that was something that you guys really looking for was a kind of seamlessly way to integrate kind of promotions because you partnering with all these businesses. Nobody likes seeing an ad like a pop-up like hey, there's a shop nearby. You might want to go check it out when a user is talking and getting guidance like this. You can seamlessly integrate partnerships with shops with coffee shops with food places vendors that can be recommended or like have our AI have more weightage to their recommendations. And so like this, like perfect, it's about a three minute walk from where you are. It says it's an old school vibe with great pasta and Vintage the City charm. And we could have this AI plan a trip for us. We can have it tell a little bit more about the stories nearby. And the unique thing that I told you with the angle I came into this App was, is it's not an AI just integrated into the App. It's not like, hey, I can just answer all your questions. This AI is aware of what you're looking at, right? This chat understands I'm on this page. It understands where my location is. When I'm hovering over the Band A, the AI right now understands, OK, this user is looking at the Band A icon. And when I'm in the chat, OK, this user is now in the chat. And I will have all my history saved before. And now let's say at the beginning when we logged in and said tap the marker to start your journey. So we would tap the Band A marker. We'll have a nice animation. I'll video platform in.

11:01 - Unidentified Speaker
Hi, Engineer.

11:01 - Engineer
Welcome to the the Band A experience. Below you'll find the complete story of December 4th, 1965 and audio narration and historic photos. Take your time exploring.

11:12 - Engineer
So another, like I said, the AI will kind of follow us into it and it's not, it's gonna like, it's like preset. I can go back in and back out. The AI understands, okay, it's already give us our introduction. We don't need to be overdoing it. And now coming into this, oh, I forgot to say this whole App is a resolution So it's not only limited to mobile users, anything, laptop, iPad, all of it will work for all types of devices. And if we're logging in now and we're going into something like the Band A, when we're in, the AI is also now understanding, hey, we're in the Band A page. And the same thing here, we'll have the pop-up right here for your the City guide, and we'll have the audio pop in and the user can scroll through it. They'll be aware of exactly what the pages you're looking at, what photos you're looking at. And if I have any other question like [a venue] from 38th street, I can always go here in the ask and ask a direct question. So what, or what is this page even, or what does this place even about? And it'll tell me the story about Dave. Yeah, there we go right here. So it says the hall sits in [a street]. This is where the Band A played their very first show under that name. And it has a little bit of background from what you provided and a little bit from the internet. And just majority, I'm having it take directly from what info you gave me so we could be more accurate as possible to however the author wants it to be because I know off the internet, a lot of people put forms and AI can pick that up. So we're using a lot of weightage towards exactly what is on the page itself. But so it's using that and kind of like once you're in the App, you can tour the area, you can look around at some of the pictures. And I know there's a lot more that can be integrated, right? Like you said, you have audio clips, there's going to be a lot of videos involved and they can kind of have just like a more nice integrated experience. And once they're done reading and listening to everything, we can go back to the map. And once they're done with the experience, you can go check out other stuff. And maybe after you're done reading the whole thing, the AI can recommend, hey, I just saw you finish, you know, learning about the Band A. the University's maybe a five minute walk from you. Would you like to go check out, you know, XXX for whatever reason. And the AI in this App as much as it's learning you as well it's also kind of learning like what you like right like hey like this user prefers this type of art so next time it recommends like if let's say there's two or three monuments nearby which all three are kind of similarly close by and all three kind of make sense it would really understand which one to pick for each individual user well you might get one recommendation I can get a different based off my history and after each demonstration of the user learning about whatever they're looking at, the AI can ask for feedback. It can ask for just overall, how would you like to experience? What would you like to know more about next time? And all of this in the back end, we could use not only for feedback for our own AI model, but for us to implement into our future stories as well. So it's a very integrated experience with the user where it's not like an AI in the App, but an AI next to you. It's like, OK, I can see you're on this page. I can see you're looking at this. This image, you have any questions you can ask me. It's kind of like having a direct tour guide next to you and it can speak to you, you can chat it back. At first I had a voice, you could kind of like talk to it back, but I felt like that was overly heavy for the App. And also like, that changes it more to just like, hey, this is a another LLM. Like why would I not just go to another LLM? I want to make it more authentic where same way, like you would go to a museum and you would study the art, like, and you would see the story from, beginning to end by reading it and really learning about it. That's what we have here. But the whole point of the AI integration is, it's not there to do that whole process for you. But if you ever get lost or need any assistance, it's there to fill in all the gaps.

15:29 - Partner
So this is- Hey Engineer, you've talked a lot about how it knows you as a user. Does it know you just based on how you're using the App, like if I if I go in there 10 times and always ask for Italian food, then it'll eventually know, hey, he's an Italian food guy. Or does it or can it connect me with with authority from the user? Can it connect me to, you know, my social network 1 pages and my social network 2 pages and shit like that. So then it then it really understands me more by checking the Yes, let me let this App know you a little bit.

16:12 - Engineer
So yeah, especially if you're having something like a web App, you could always allow cookies when you go into any web and it says, do you want to allow cookies? That's saying, hey, let me give you all my information for free. And we can allow that for the users. And obviously, with consent, we can leverage, you know, a little bit on the back end about the user, if the user is comfortable. Like you said, Partner, connecting social media, it makes sense in like on paper, but really the amount of information on like social media is more about people's personal life because not everyone dedicates their whole life to like or like actually like not too much to what exactly parts of art they're interested in so what would make more sense I believe in that direction would be more like maybe um when you log into the App and first time make the account we could have kind of a quiz what type of like stuff you like and you could fill out like optionally um if you would like to like just you know like a quick quiz like you know a lot of apps when you log in it's like hey, what type of music do you like, What type of this or that? And you throw these small, small buttons and that just gets the App a little bit better idea. At the end of the day, like the truth, like this type of App is not an App where it's, you're going to be spending like a lot of time on. It's more of a occasional App, but it's a very important App for that occasion. So in like, instead of being a very broad App, it needs to be really good at specific, specific things. So it needs to be really good at assisting people at this specific a site and needs to be really good at, you know, helping people get from one site to another site or one site to a better site around that area. Like kind of like a tour guide. And so I think focusing on more factors about not just, oh, how is this person overall? But OK, let me just really look at the factors. What type of food does he like, Food is going to be important one, because every time someone's traveling, obviously, cuisine is a big spend. So is touring. So is like going to local, you like history landmarks, just like the history about the area. And so having connections, like knowing what places to send for that, to give the user the best experience possible for what they what we believe they would like, is like the main focus of this AI.

18:22 - Advisor
Engineer, just an aside on that comment with Partner. So I've been around App development, and don't be creepy, is kind of the model that you've got to have these days. Because if start being intrusive in people's lives, that's when apps don't get used. So I like how you've limited saying, you know, I want to know who this Partner guy is when he's looking at musical the City events and things affiliated with that. I think that's a good focus of this.

18:55 - Engineer
Especially with these type of AIs, we will always have a lot of safety protocols. Like this one right here has guidelines already. This is a very basic version of the AI, which is right now just made to kind of understand me as a user, my name, what are my preferences, and when I give feedback at the end of the tour or the Demo, it understands, okay, what is he like, not like, let me see what monuments nearby have those specific things, and I can recommend that. It's really just a smart, like, algorithm that's just choosing for recommendations. It's not looking anything beyond that. And even to that point, we have protocols to make sure, okay, this is all under the user's consent. And all that legal side of stuff and also all the ethical side of stuff for this App.

19:38 - Advisor
Can we be doing things like tying it into, I don't know, MusicApp or any of the music apps that people might already have on their And so you'd be able to say, would you like to hear some songs or something like that? You actually, again, don't have to give rights to anything. They already have the rights through whatever streaming audio they use.

20:10 - Engineer
I believe StreamingService does have an API for any database to pull the user's playlist. So I think that would be interesting. Maybe we could pull the playlist for the users. We can build a profile of what type of music does this user like based off of his top song. Or her top songs. And then based off of that, we can create better recommendations. So obviously with the user's consent and them connectingly, like we can have, when you log into the App, would you like to connect, you know, your music streaming service to get a more personalized thing? And that's just another add on to make multiple factors we can use for better. And over time, like I said, this App will grow with the user. It will start understanding over time. First, it's going to be more of a, hey, this is a cool spot nearby. And maybe down the line, if the user is truly using this App over time, it will get even. So it's like the more the user uses the App, the better he will like it. And the better he likes it, the more he'll use it. So it's kind of like a better cycle to keep users retained to this App over time.

21:13 - Client
Engineer, I have seven or eight or nine comments. Do you want to complete or just assume maybe go through them one at a time when you're done presenting the concept there. If that's your preference.

21:25 - Engineer
Yeah, yeah, that's I mean, so right now what I did was build the framework. It's like where, especially when building the App, the first thing you always want to do is build the framework. So now the framework for the AI is like set up and the framework for the map is set up. So like these markers, these, you know, like any points you're at, it doesn't take me like multiple, multiple hours to code them in. It takes me about 10 to 15 seconds to send the go to our AI, the AI will automatically integrate it. So like you said, you were sorting out all the histories for all these different stories and all these different areas. Instead of me having to individually go and code features for this, the framework I built takes all that information, automatically processes it, and will deploy it in our App. So instead of having a two-week wait for all these new monuments we get as we go through the App, we can just seamlessly integrate as we get almost same day or maybe in one or two days. So any questions you have about like the App in general, and then also like the framework itself. Cause from here now, whatever your creativity is, we can build off of that. I just needed to get the demos purpose was to get to the point where now anything you can, you know, really, you know, any of the tools already I've given you in the App, if you see it, you know, being used this way, or maybe adding a tool similar this way, it's much easier to do than, having to start from scratch because the whole framework is built.

22:51 - Client
So let me thank you Engineer. Number one, this has exceeded my expectations both in design function and I like the minimalistic approach. So I'm just going to run down a few things. We'll stop one at a time. One of the, and you picked up on it early on, what will differentiate the Project is sharing of this content is relaying to the user, what were these men and women thinking when they were coming up with BigTechCo1 or when Artist X was at the University and imagined a life as a musician? So being able to ask AI, do you want to know what they were thinking? Or however that might be phrased. I don't need you to answer all these, you want me to stop or do you want me just to run down the list?

23:46 - Engineer
I mean, yeah, we could stop at each question and I can just address my thoughts on it. So this was a question asking, could the AI go off the script and talk more about maybe emotionally to the user about what was happening?

24:04 - Client
No, I'll clarify. Our interview protocols when we interview an artist or a technologist is to get pieces of content which we will publish on a website and in our videos, this information. Well, I was thinking about, for instance, I'll give you a very specific case in point. Someone once asked Artist X of Band Y fame, that she knew this was what she was going to do the rest of her life? And her answer was, well, it was when I was at the University. And I saw Artist Y perform in the City at the the Fairgrounds in 1968. Or the invent that one of the founders of Nvidia, you know, what was he thinking when he came up with this idea 30 years ago? So we will And perhaps AI would tap that database and there might be other stuff online.

25:14 - Engineer
So there's two, there's two approaches we can do for that. One, we can manually explain to the AI, Hey, if the user, like I told you, the reason why I told you this App is a little bit, the way I set it up, like our differentiating factor that I've integrated into this App is that this AI is context, or this is called context-aware. So it's like, Hey, I'm going to set up a database. Where artificial intelligence where it's not just understanding its prompt but it's understanding like why are you asking this prompt where are you asking this prompt what are the context to this prompt right it's not just oh uh what was the grateful dead what was the grateful dead he's at the grateful dead he's probably looking at the grateful dead right now he's in the Demo he's looking at the page he's looking at the paragraph that says on december 4th so right here right now i've uh The AI, it has weightage of how much it's supposed to speak. I just said right now, hey, this user, be very minimal, only speak when it is going to new features or new parts of the section, and that's it. But right now, as we are getting more and closer and closer to a final product, and we're going with the AI that's really setting our App apart and being a little bit more integrated with the user, we can see, hey, it's on December 4th. And it could also, the way it popped up and spoke to me, up and be like oh also around this same time did you know that this person that person was thinking about that and like we can pull that either from a database or if a user specifically asks about it we can go search the internet online because the API connected right now is a small language model that just checks for hey is this worth sending to cloud or not so we have a small SLM saying can we get an internal answer for this and if If not, then we send it to LLMVendor, which costs tokens, which has money. That's why we have the SLM to minimize cost. It goes to either LLMVendor after two or three checks. And that cuts down almost 80 or 90%. Because right now we have these four buttons. So these are already pre-stored answers for specific spots. So that way we're not always using token costs for every single question or every single thing that comes up.

27:30 - Client
When someone asks, you know, what was Artist X thinking? And we interview her and we have that answer in her own voice. Can it tap a database where it's Artist X answering in her own voice? Or is that too weird?

27:47 - Engineer
We can do that. And I also have one weirder where we can actually use it. We can use like the way it was speaking in the chat. And this voice that was speaking is Rachel. Rachel is the most used VoiceVendor voice in all API-like polls. But you can use almost anybody's voice. You can have it say to anybody's voice. We just need a five-minute recording of anybody's voice, and we can not only use old videos of her that have said it, but we can generate new text in her voice if that is something that will make it a more integrated experience.

28:22 - Client
Let me clear that up. I don't want to try and do voice recognition or voice replication.

28:29 - Unidentified Speaker
Replication, not recognition.

28:31 - Client
Yeah, that's not going to happen. But what I'm getting at is if we actually have our recording, we have a lot of interviews where people are saying these are the guys that were opening up for the doors in 1966. And so we my question is, without getting too buried in this, explore how the App can answer someone's question or as a prompt, you want to hear Artist X explain the moment she knew that was what she was going to do the rest of her life. So that doesn't need to be answered now. With regard to the Band A sample, because this is something we're all going to want to share with our donor prospects. You mentioned like what was happening, maybe what was happening that same night are happening around there. And I can send you that information after this meeting. What was happening on that same night of the Band A was the Band C playing in downtown the City. And we have photography of the Band C, we have the poster. So offline, I could prepare that for you and you can decide how it plays. Because that's the other part that this BigTechCo2 Grover time is a genealogy. Meaning, how is this person or that event connected to this event or that person? But that's what I want to say now.

29:57 - Engineer
So one thing I want to add to that was, just like you said, the genealogy, like the timeline almost. In the Demo, one more thing, one feature I was just finishing up. I didn't put it here because it's not 100% complete. But it was one more thing. When I entered here and I go to the bottom, instead of just the gallery below, the gallery would be an interactive timeline where the user could scroll over and see a very beautiful animation of a timeline. And if I am stuck on a certain point of a timeline and I'm reading it, the AI can come and jump in if needed, being like, hey, also. And then go into either a voice recording that we already have, that we have already said, hey, if a user is looking at this specific thing, play this audio recording. Or if we have a big database of a lot of audio recordings and all we have to do label one by one, Hey, this audio recording relates to this, this, this. If a user is on that certain topic, the AI can, you know, use its own logic and judgment and say, okay, look, this user, this is his background. This is who he is. This is what he's looking at. Does it make sense to play this audio recording? Yeah, we can play it. So each user will have an individualized experience for each part of the Demo. So that's why, like, again, it comes back to the uniqueness part and then coming to a more integrated field, because we'll be giving the things we believe best works with the user.

31:20 - Client
I'm going to skip one here. Can

31:26 - Partner
Client, hold on before you move on from this. So part of what I think we want to do here is to guide. And so especially if we know something about people, we don't want to, after we just tell them they played at this address and this time, and here's the thing you can Read that's more detailed and it's, you know, 20 second long verbiage or whatever, right? That all has those AI parameters built in. But when it's done, we want to guide it to the next thing. Would you like to hear a member of Band A's daughter talk about the commemoration, or would you like to move over and see the timeline, right? So people can kind of go, ooh, I want that, or I want this, or I want that, and then they can kind of jump around, sort of like you and I were talking about on Wednesday, Engineer, where you can kind of go, you can go laterally in the story, you can go deeper in the story, you can come back out, right? But with these, with kind of some prompts that ends with, or is there something else you'd like to do? And then they can guide themselves. I think that'll be important for an App like this.

32:46 - Client
Yeah, to add to that, Partner, thank you, is we can, for the purpose of the Demo, for this development is, like she mentioned, a member of Band A, we have 40 pieces of unique content where this is the actual person's voice being interviewed. There's this, there's that. We could have prompts. I don't know what AI can really do. We could either, well, if you'd like that, you might want to hear a family member addressing, you know, the City or the City on the plaque dedication. So that's, we can, I guess what I'm trying to say, we can seed each of the stories with things people wouldn't even know to ask.

33:33 - Engineer
So yeah, having like a very like, like I said, like user, like user aware AI. And I think as much as like this Demo is like a lot of artificial intelligence where AI is coming up, like as much as that's an important feature that's like, you know, that's being mainly like shown here, which I think is going to be a PowerPoint in our App. It will. That's like, that's definitely going to make it run smoother than rather having an App where you open and then it's just like a bunch of blocks, like, oh, what location are you at? And then you press on it, and then it's like, would you, this is the story. And then if you want to hear an audio, press this button, like, instead of having a boring App, you know, definitely having something more where you're in a map, it's understanding your location. And you have a person right here that can talk to you, questions, whatever, having a much more, you know, futuristic, integrated App. As much as, you know, AI plays a big part, I didn't want to kind of overwhelm the user. It shouldn't be you lock in, and then it's just kind constantly talking. It's like a whole video just talking, talking, where I think what Partner said is really important that at the end of like, we're looking at the user behavior and we see, okay, this user looks like he's just skimming through this stuff. He's scrolling pretty fast and he's exiting. It looks like he's about to leave this monument and he's done reading about it. Let's recommend him, hey, there's another monument. And then we can obviously use AI's logic to bridge the gap. It's not going to say, hey, there's another monument over there. We could say, hey, I just saw you we Read about this specific, I'm just giving an example, this person that played a guitar, another person who played a guitar that was also famous is right down the street from you. And we can have good logic to connect it. And it doesn't only have to be to monuments. It can be to anything. It can be, like I said, to any partners, any clothing stores nearby, anything that makes sense for the user. So it's not just like, hey, there's something over there. We'll be able to connect it. Based off of what you just Read another interesting thing and we'll connect it using AI instead of us manually typing every single connection AI can generate one and then say hey based off that because of this you should check out that depending on where they are and the beauty is the more info we give it like this AI in the Demo as much as it's gonna be better in the future I'm not gonna ever touch it I'm never gonna touch the code it's it's done and that's what the framework Because now the only way that artificial intelligence internally is going to progress is just people using the App. And it will learn off that. The more info and more monuments it adds, you add and we add, it will learn off that. The more users we have around the City or wherever looking and then using the App, the AI will learn, OK, the user usually prefers this and that. And it just it kind of like builds a network between itself and it just kind of self grows. And that's how majority of artificial intelligence works in some of the higher end devices. Obviously, like I said, this is kind of unique, bringing it to an App perspective, especially for a touring App. But I thought it would be kind of interesting and it would be definitely like something that would set us apart. So that's why I really went with this angle. Obviously, we're not limited to this angle. Now having this basic like map function and framework, if there's another angle that, you know, the board is interested in, that's beyond artificial intelligence, there's no problem bringing that in as well. But just on my end, when I was developing and I was sitting on my pen and paper thinking, okay, how am I going to make this App, you know, stand a little bit out and be, you know, better for everyone's age, not just people my age, but, you know, people that are also just kind of, you know, exploring a place with their family and also people who are just going by themselves, maybe with just a friend, you know, all demographics, how can we really make it unique to every person? I thought this would be the best way.

37:15 - Advisor
And I, can I throw out a concept that maybe becomes sort of a I don't know, part of the culture, I guess. As you're talking, I'm thinking, let's, here's my suggestion. Let's quit using the word AI and say it's in docent mode. It becomes a docent. And we think of what would a human that's there, as opposed to, I realize you're the technologist, so you got to figure out how to build all of that, but let's lose that part of your brain and say, it's really, you're making a docent that says, hey, you wanna see something else down the street that's really cool? It goes with, you know, so I can turn on docent mode or turn off or light docent, you know, so I could have the casual docent. I just spent three hours yesterday with a docent. And it's amazing when you just start getting in the mode that another person is kind of walking you through something you really didn't know a lot about. So I would say, you know, for our thing, yes, you need to talk from a technology perspective, but from a the Project, it's the the Project docent mode. And we really kick in. It becomes that and all that that implies. From a docent perspective, Natkam, what do I do? Because I like how you've done it. You've turned it into a docent, so to speak.

38:37 - Engineer
Yeah, it was actually, I was talking to Partner about this earlier, that the reason I had this motivation and this cool concept because I was working on, like how you said, more like a human next to you. I've been developing a project for the past four or five months, and it's a neural network that's, like you said, kind of a docent. It's artificial intelligence, but it's kind of made to mimic human psychology and human behavior. And just the progress I've been having with it and some of the projects I've been integrating already in, and I'm starting to realize that my retention rate in a lot of projects go very, high when it feels like there's personal interaction. That's why the voice isn't a robotic voice. It's a human voice that's speaking. That's why it's not a perfect sentence. It will stutter. A docent mode will say, I think that this place would be the best fit for you. It's not going to be like, there's a cool place down the street. It's going to speak more naturally. And as you text the AI, the AI will start understanding how you text. It will start speaking more of how you speak because people love of familiarity with other people, right? Majority of the people you speak with is how you start becoming to speak, right? And that's proven through hundreds of years of studying that people start talking like people they're around. And that's why people feel comfort when they feel like it's someone they know. And that's why this AI really being in a docent mode of understanding the user, we can have a familiarity, right? As much as I don't know who this is, who's speaking, but sounds like a human, speaks like me, understands what stuff I like, that's what's gonna create a retention rate to go much higher and much more probability than a random message saying, oh, on top right, it just says, cool street. You should go check it out. As much as whatever the highest retention we could probably get, this is definitely pushing towards that.

40:27 - Client
So a very important question to a potential financial supporter and content outlet, could we have AI create a because this map will be all the County with two, 300 points of interest. Give me a light rail or a bus route. For instance, we've been invited to talk to the chair of the TransitAuthority board of directors about how TransitAuthority could become a the Project collaborative partner. So when you arrive at this station in NearbyCity, here's your the Project NearbyCity guided tour, and on and on. So you could file that down the road, but that's, we have, this guy wants to meet us before May. So it would be great next month to be able to get in front of him with, here's a concept.

41:30 - Engineer
So wait, I have one question to clarify that.

41:32 - Advisor
So like- Hey, Engineer, I got to say a word. I bet you don't know what this word means. What a triptych is.

41:38 - Engineer
A triptych? No, I'm not familiar.

41:45 - Advisor
So auto association, back when there was no computers, you would say, I'm going to a nearby town, and you could go to your auto association office, and they would give you a little booklet that was a triptych, and it did exactly what Client said. It said, here's how you get there, and once you get there, you go down that street, turn right to do. So they had these things called triptychs. We can pull that out of the ancient memory.

42:14 - Engineer
So it's very interesting. If I were to hear and I were to say like, what's a cool monument nearby? There was one right here. The other monument I put as a placeholder, like Band B, right? We have this right here. If I were to be like, if, hello, okay, there we go. If we were to be like, hey, I, like if I was a person very interested going into, let me scroll in.

42:49 - Client
Can I give you a specific idea? Yeah, go ahead. Okay, this step is coming in end of May through June. That was weird. That was weird. Something's going on with the audio. Something's going on.

43:08 - Engineer
Yeah, I'm sorry. My Wi-Fi is a little laggy on my end. That's why.

43:13 - Client
There's going to be six or seven games played at the Stadium. And every leader is encouraging people to take transit or to ride a bike. So visitors to the City are going to be on that system. And there are light rail and bus stops all over the place. So there's a very real application for this trip tick that if you're here for major sporting event, here's some thoughts while you're on your way before or after the game.

43:54 - Engineer
Yeah, yeah, I'm sorry. And my Wi-Fi was bugging out a little bit. But the transit idea, our AI does have that capability current to this day. That's what I was trying to show, but my Wi-Fi was being really, really bad. You guys can hear me clearly, right?

44:11 - Client
We can now, yes.

44:13 - Engineer
OK, that's good. So I don't know. Right now, there's no map integration, where it would show kind of like a map casing. But very likely. I'm not very likely we couldn't add a very similar. If I can open I'm sorry my Wi Fi my my whole laptop is freezing up. Um, let me stop screen sharing real quick. Can you guys hear me? There we go. Okay, that's much better. I'm sorry my screen screen sharing was making my laptop go haywire. Let me open that back up. So yes, currently not in the way where we can map it out currently, because I would have to add that API. We could add Maps API API in that we can have it kind of show it on the map like, hey, right now when I have the plan the route button, what it just does is it kind of draws a line. Not like an actual like through the streets, hey, this is where you need to go. And these are the, this is the directions. And this is the place that you have to put in the maps. But one thing I did want to add, you know, going into the forward of it was just a small integration. And then it will kind of give directions. Like it would be kind of a map App. Like when you open Maps API, the same way Maps API would direct you, we can use Maps API in the backend or Maps API or whatever. And we can direct the user to these specific places. So we can be like, hey, please plan out a trip for, you know, all like four or five five music places that you believe would be best for me. And it would be like, okay, understanding this user, these four places are the best. There's traffic here, but this route would be the best. And our sponsors are on the way. So we could also say, if you're tired on the way, you could stop here and we can make a beautiful route for the user to go to the specific place.

46:09 - Client
One other question. We won't go deep in the weeds. I've made notes for follow up. This is location based. Can we do stuff So date tagged, so we have several hundred stories on this date, Band B launched long train running. Could opt in? Yes, I want to be notified when something in my profile has happened. It's an anniversary.

46:32 - Engineer
Yeah, we don't need artificial intelligence for that. We can always just manually also, like when we have new information, we can always have push notifications through any App.

46:41 - Client
And I presume there's a level of where Like a big company is going to have a trade show in September in the City. We go to them and say, hey, for an extra $1.1180, we can customize a layer branded to you. That would, I imagine, would be fairly easy to do.

47:08 - Engineer
Especially with the AI system. Because like you said, I went with a very minimalistic field, so there's not much to it's really about what the App shows. And that's not done by us, that's done by the artificial intelligence. So it would really just be a prompting thing that like, hey, for users that are in this specific area, you as artificial intelligence are no longer looking just to provide for this, your new directions and new directives is to be specific to these tasks. And we can do that.

47:36 - Advisor
Can you train it to treat, I don't know what to call it, categories of individuals cohorts differently, so that you're all as per Client's story, say these guys are all going to the EnterpriseCo conference, you'd be able to put in EnterpriseCo kind of stuff a little more towards that, that like, I'm not as a non-EnterpriseCo person, but the EnterpriseCo guys are, and they, you know, they somehow signed up. And again, you asked were able to agree that, yes, I am a EnterpriseCo employee or visitor or whatever.

48:15 - Engineer
Yeah, our App, our Demo already kind of does that. As you saw that when we asked it, like, hey, what is nearby us? And it recommended FoodDistrict. That was because I was telling it, hey, like, as an example, FoodDistrict is one of our sponsors. I want you to kind of weigh it towards that. And I mean, it'd be beautiful to get FoodDistrict, but I don't know, they have like thousands of things No, it's only operated by three people.

48:42 - Client
So I know all three. There's three landlords and that's it.

48:47 - Engineer
So it's a very good investment they made in real estate. Former Mayor former mayor.

48:58 - Client
One other aspect about the Project, which is, it's happening by itself. I get submissions almost every other day. People want to tell their story. So if someone's that grateful dead, is there something that they can because on the website we have an intake now, which would likely be modified because of your involvement, but we can make it possible for people to share their unique content, right?

49:23 - Engineer
What we can do is I don't think it would be the best idea to just like have like an App that is kind of like, you know, that's people like wiki site that people are able to upload information. What we could do is we could have a separate, like in your website, I could integrate kind of like a lot, like a, like a page where it's like, Hey, I'm interested in sharing my story. And it would send the story. It can go through like how, like how today jobs kind of hire people. It can go through AI check saying, Hey, is this legit? Is this something we could be interested in? And then based off that, it can send it to a real supervisor at the City rocks, which would review a much limited, more direct what we is in line with our, what we want to share. And then based on that, we can pick and choose. And then, like I said, the whole point of me building the App this way was that it's very easy to kind of integrate all these things. Instead of me having to manually code, hey, this is, you know, make a marker at this location, all that. I know like in the front end, it has no difference if I hand coded it or AI did it, but in a business timeline perspective, it's so much quicker to push out new info. And I know with this type of App, the most important thing is going to be adding on, right? Continuously, because the users will have the App, they're going to have all these options. And the next time they come, it's going to be the same options and next same options, same options, that's not going to create retention over time, right? What's going to be what's going to create retention is, hey, they keep getting new spots. And that's, I think, is a very strong point. Like if you look at any very successful business, like just today, me and my friends were at crumble, right?

50:53 - Client
It's a cookie if you guys are like, Oh, yeah, I got one one mile from me and they need to move it.

50:58 - Engineer
Yeah, it's it's crazy. And that they do it because They have a new lineup every week. You either take it or you lose it, right? You could have special events. Hey, we have a new event. Through our App, you can check out all the information. After this week, this event's stopping. We won't have it, you know, creating kind of urgency, kind of creating talk. And like you said, you know, having a lot of partners that are having special events at like whatever reason, you know, having our App integrated through that, people can have not only a better experience there, but kind of like we can have a kind of a reward. Like, hey, you're doing it through our App. You can have this special perks or this or that, right? And that will kind of also create more retention over time.

51:37 - Client
Partner, there was a question that you acknowledged receipt yesterday of this MIS info, this project. So Engineer Tech the University has assigned six students from the MIS school or whatever to build the backbone of this that's needed. And all I could do was take everything I've learned from Partner, you, and Advisor, and my own thoughts, and I went into AI and I asked it, given everything it knows about the Project, and it knows a lot, I mean, within my projects, what kind of database would need to be needed to drive content, to be the source of unique content. And so it spit out a big ass, you know, 21 spreadsheet. And then I asked it to create a user guide. The students and I met Monday. They want some direction next Tuesday on what they should be building. And I explained to them, we are working with you. I'm thinking because, again, I met I'm so beyond the limit of experience and knowledge. Partner, would it be appropriate after this for you to send Engineer what AI came up with and have him say, no, that's garbage. This is what I need. And how can these students help us?

53:08 - Engineer
I mean, Partner emailed me earlier a little bit, you know, explain the situation. And I looked over it and it's never like a day. Every business knows it's never going to hurt to help more have more hands. And I think the what we can do for this was like if we continue with this specific framework of the Demo, right? And we continue like, hey, let's add the timeline and let's add all these like small, small, like just kind of design features. But internally, we want the App to stay this way. If that's the direction we go with, having a database will be very useful, maybe not in the way of an Excel sheet, because there's no reason for Excel. Like if I was manually uploading the data, it would make a lot of sense for it to be nicely organized for me so I can go and hard code all the nice, all the information easily, right? But with artificial intelligence, it doesn't need it to be perfectly organized, right? We can have, hey, this is all the data of Band A. It's going to be kind of splattered around, but our artificial intelligence doesn't mind because even if it's nicely organized, it's still going to pick apart and make it into 50,000 different tokens and 50,000 different folders. And then re-evaluate each one internally and then say, okay, this is cool. Let's put this in our App here, that in our App here, right? It's not the AI is choosing what's gonna be shown. It's more like we're gonna, we have a framework, right? Like I showed you, there's gonna be an icon. You go into the icon, it shows a story. It's gonna first start with kind of greet the user with AI if it's needed. If it's only the first time they're ever logging into that afterwards, up to your discretion, see if it's worth contacting the user. I put it on a very minimal side, like I said, I didn't want to overwhelm the user. At the end of the day, just like a museum tour guide, she's not going to talk over the art. She's going to explain the art and let you look at the art. And you take it in, you understand it. You got questions, we have our tour guide for them to ask. Our tour guide can kind of guide them here and there. Just think of it as a tour guide right next to them. They could look at the screen, they could look at what's around them. We have their location for that, we can see what the user is hovering on exactly, what the user is looking at, what type of questions is a user really asking about this specific type of event. Or in this event, like in the Band A, he's really specifically asking about this member. So now all of our understanding that, hey, he's been really asking about this specific member. Let's just give him some more information about that member. We have an audio clip of that member. Now it makes sense to show that, hey, this is an audio clip of maybe his first ever performance and it plays a small clip and like if you'd like to know more let me know and then I could show you more right and having that framework the what we can use is more somebody choosing what content to give us rather than organizing the content so like like I said like I know it's MIS students which are very technical sided and they have you know great skills that way but it's not that it's bound to those skills that we're going to need, because in this day and age, especially building an App side, it's not more about how much you know, it's more how much you can think of It's more like, what is your vision for this?

56:27 - Client
So my challenge is, I've made a commitment to their professor and these six students to be involved in an MIS project to support the Project.

56:40 - Unidentified Speaker
Of course.

56:41 - Client
Partner gave me a headache, but I, you know, I, I'm ignorant. You might've looked at that database and said, Oh my God, that's the most amazing thing I've ever seen. Clearly it's not the case. What is it we could have them do? Unless this doesn't involve what you're doing for us at all, then I got to regroup, but I, I, I don't, I, I, I'd like to think there's a role for them that could be helpful. Maybe it's an intake thing where, where they create a database, maybe it's not complex as I was imagining it needed to be, or something they could even digest. But I wasn't going to share what I shared with Partner with them, because A, I certainly can't tell you that it is needed. B, I'm hearing from you, most of it is not. But I will say this, the Project needs an inventory of these stories and sources of media and all those fields that were there. That we need because there's no way because there are humans interacting with this data, you know, or collecting it. You know, so I don't know what I'm a little bit at a loss is now how to direct them.

57:53 - Engineer
No, it's 100 percent that that we are going to need when I met in the way when I was saying that the A.I. Is going to be able to we don't need a perfectly like formatted Excel sheet because that's when I was looking at the Excel it was more like, hey, these students need to nicely format all of our stories, so now when it's time to put it in the App, Engineer can easily just swipe it over, right? But that's not necessarily the case because I'm not hard coding the information in. It's gonna be important to have that database, but it's not gonna be for the reason that we need these students to perfectly organize. It would rather be these students looking how to maybe, since they're MIS students, or they're looking to build something, right? We can have them proceed a project where they can choose kind of like a sorting algorithm of which content is gonna be used in which recommendations, right? We can have them build specific algorithms for the distribution of the content, where in the App does this content go? And that would be very useful because when you give me like a Band A story, I can kind of just put it in this AI and be like, hey, I need, obviously, I hard-coded where the stuff is going to be for now. And I said, from now on, take inspiration from this design, and I want you to implement for the rest of them. That's what our idea is. But when you give it 50,000 stories, it's not that simple. Then we're going to need a sorting algorithm of like, OK, here's 50,000 stories with images, with 50,000 audio clips, with 50,000 words in each one these stories, it's going to be like, OK, instead of just overwhelming, because AI also has its limits and capabilities, right? So instead of overwhelming and having it hallucinate and make false information and giving a user a bad experience, we're going to need some kind of filter of not necessarily the content. All the content can go through, just exactly where does the content go into the AI, right? And building that type of system, it would be more of a sorting system of where does this content go? Where would this content go? Content go in the App and giving that to the AI, you know, having that type of project built would definitely help in a bigger spectrum of information coming in when it's something on the lower end of like under under 500 or not. I would say 500, would say like under stories. It makes it does. We don't need that system. But when we're approaching the point where we're putting a lot of information to the App, we don't want it to be laggy. We don't want it to be heavy. We don't want it to start information that it gets confused, right? It says something about a story that was from a different story. We don't want that, right? So instead of having a human manually check every single thing it says, we can have a nice sorting algorithm so it never messes up in the first place.

1:00:43 - Advisor
So here's- Hey Client, just an aside, I think the MIS guys would have way more fun building that than doing an Excel spreadsheet.

1:00:54 - Client
Well, the problem is, I And we're recording this call, at least I hope we are. Yeah, it's recording. Is I might take an excerpt of what we're gathering and run it by the professor because period, because I want to make sure he and we're all clear. Let me a couple of thoughts. I can think of 75 stories, anecdotes that AI would never find. It doesn't exist because this hasn't been published on the Internet, like where the Band B first met their bass player and why that's important. I happen to know that. And then there's so that has to end up somewhere and then I could grab it. Then the other is it's going to take volunteers and paid people several years to contribute the countless stories from the 15 cities in the County. So I would imagine the system that these students could build would be part of online and intake. You know, they go, they into a portal and they, they're prompted. So I don't know if you can be helpful here in the next, you know, by next Tuesday is to come up with a major we just reconvene and we record it or something. I don't want you to have to write something. But I feel like, well, I feel that they could do something helpful, but I think we need to know what's the most important thing we need, which is inventory of stories that AI will not find in a format that would be useful to you and for archival research, period.

1:02:48 - Advisor
So of course, yeah. Hey, guys, I've got another call in one minute, so I got to run. Real quick, Engineer, is there a way to make it that everything that Client just said is not just put out into an LLM and then is searchable by all the other search engines? Because we'd be giving away all our intellectual property. Can we keep that behind an SL, whatever you're going to build? Is there a way to make that?

1:03:19 - Engineer
Oh, all information is private. It stays local.

1:03:23 - Advisor
And it's not searchable by?

1:03:29 - Engineer
We use LLMVendor not to host any of the information, just to direct and guide the user. Think of it as like the LLMVendor is going to analyze the text. It's going to have it locally stored for a second, and it's going to think, OK, connect it. And if it needs it, it can search online. Of what's already published, right? What's already out there.

1:03:48 - Advisor
You guys have to go. I just want to make sure you guys talk through that, that we don't give away the intellectual property here. Thank you, Advisor. Thank you.

1:03:57 - Engineer
Yeah, but just overall, IP will stay internal. There won't be any problems with that.

1:04:08 - Client
So as we wrap here, I can't tell you how appreciative I am that Partner's brought us together this it what you've designed is not overwhelming. It cannot be over commercial. I do not want to be that company. I want to be soft and gentle and elegant and allow the user to absorb as much as he or she wants to absorb. I like the fact that you've built a backbone that can we can add to thoughtfully. I would like you, if you would, to think about how to direct me or what I need to do with the University. I really feel it's important to give them something of value that is useful for all concerned. And then lastly, Partner, I don't think I told you, I've reached out to a video production, VideoProductionCo, in downtown the City, because we're going to need five to 10 minute little mini videos that tell these stories. Anyway, what I have is I have a 57 page document that AI created of 22 stories. They're formatted as if this is what a filmmaker needs to see before he or she thinks, this is worthy, and let's go get it funded or develop a screenplay. There's a ton of information in there that if we maybe car took a look at it and say, hell, there's enough there where we could fill out that map, at least with dots. I don't want to overwhelm the scope at this moment, but we have that document. Literally, I finished it about three hours ago. I'm signing an NDA with them, Partner, but I'm still not comfortable of giving it to them. It is literally almost 25 years of information work that most of it's not public. So he's already signed the NDA. But anyway, what are your thoughts, Partner? Was that too much right now? Or should Engineer take a look at it and say, shit, in 20 minutes, this could really bring up a bunch of more dots on the on the map. What are your thoughts, Partner Engineer?

1:06:31 - Partner
Yeah, I think yeah, I think my take is we should. Well, if you signed an NDA, right, like the whole purpose of that is to trust at that point. And if they if they don't do the thing, then there's a document that gets us, you know, legal protection. So so to me, we want to We want to get that going in the places where things are going to be built out. So if it's helpful for Engineer to do that, if it's helpful for the University to do that, I think how we just protect all this stuff is with NDAs.

1:07:14 - Client
Well, they would never. Yeah, I'm happy to send it to Engineer. Engineer, I could send it to you. I don't think I'm able to upload to the cloud folder. Some challenges with that, you know, so, or I could just email it to you. You can share with me. Okay, so I'll create on my side, a document file, and share it with you and Partner in case Partner's got nothing better to do but to Read 57 pages. Fuck, but it's all rich content. It really, really is. It was actually enjoyable for me. With regard to the University, They might see a top line, here's 22 stories with a little teaser. That might be enough. And that might be enough for Engineer just to populate that map. So when we're sitting with BigTechCo1, BigTechCo2, or anyone, they're going like, what the fuck? Then the last thing on my mind is if you would give some thought, Engineer, and maybe I could, you know, always Partner's in the loop, but if you can give me some direction what to do with these great kids at the University, I would really appreciate it.

1:08:20 - Engineer
Of course, I have to get going as well and like we're good just to like wrap it up. I have like five minutes but overall for the University when it comes to like the specific like functionality of the App like I've always like every business I've always worked with like especially when it comes to like applications I've always developed like individually. So it's not been like I have like a framework in the backend for like external information coming in. It's always been like through my systems. But if the University does have work, anything related to the application itself, I'm like MIS students. I applied to MIS for one school. I don't remember, I think another city, University of another city. But you know, it's a very like diverse path. I'm sure these students would be happy to like helping more a lot of like they have a lot of technical skills. So when it comes to that on the App, like it's not that they just have to help with the App. There's a lot more to the Project that they can also develop for the Project. But when it comes to the App specifically, it's not that it's like there's anything wrong with them helping. It's that the App is just set up in the way from the start where it's not that it's just need it right and that's the power of AI like you know that that's the beauty of why we did it that way is that so now it's cost efficient and now it's also optimal and yeah at first it loses a little bit of ground we would have probably had overall like honestly a better App if we had 15 people manually teaching every detailed part but the beauty of having this system do it is that those 15 people aren't going to be looking at it 24 7 see what can we improve. This system will be looking at it 24-7 with every new user seeing what we can improve and over time while version 1 might be the iPhone 1 over 10-15 months we have people using we're at the iPhone 15 is now beyond what anyone could think of and that's the same way this App is going to work. It's going to kind of build up over time and the beauty of how many places we have alongside of the artificial intelligence we have alongside the data we can give the users will kind of also slowly build up into something beautiful. And like you said, we don't want to over-commercialize, especially when I was looking at your website and looking at the mission and looking at some of the way you worded some of the documents. I was really picking up, a lot about culture, right?

1:10:59 - Client
It's about culture. It's the human condition.

1:11:01 - Engineer
And where I'm from, the village I'm from, the family I'm from, that's very important. So I understand that aspect, right? My dad, he used to run his own business. His culture was the number one important thing and it's it's the thing that overall made him stop running a business but it's also the reason that it ran for that little bit and You know having that understanding like I like I I like that's why I built it minimalistic right now We have something that is it can get everything the user needs done, right? We could have had a thousand buttons and a thousand this and thousand that but this the end result is gonna be the same while having less of an input from the user and the user's more just like sit back, relax, having a nice animation, kind of like you're watching a movie. Think about it as a movie.

1:11:50 - Client
That was the takeaway I got from it. What you showed me was elegant and respectful and it'll go as fast as the user wants to go.

1:12:04 - Engineer
The more that it gives AI to work with, the more that I can give back, right? So it's going to reciprocate kind of what the user wants. And that's why, like you said, when you told me that, oh, I Read through the 24 page document and I had no problem. It's not necessarily like, I'm sure the content's a big part, but unintentionally, the artificial intelligence that you're working with is also seeing how you are talking about it. It's learning. You're not prompting it to, it is learning you and seeing what would this person want to hear? And that's what they put in that 24 document. That's why you love it. And that's why the same psychology that I work with, he would work with every individual user coming into this App where it would be like, wait, to me, I don't know about anybody else, but I love this App because it shows me all the cool stuff that I really care about. And the other person will be like, okay, well, I don't like what you like, but I'll try it out. And they'll be like, all of a sudden, wait, I love these stuff too. And that's like, kind of like another personality to the App. And obviously this is just step one. This was just what I could do in probably six hours of work and my math teacher yelling at me in class. But, um, you know, doing all that over time, this is like just step one. And then from here, you know, just building it on top and on top is where it really starts getting kind of a soul, right? We laid out the pavement for it and now we can start building.

1:13:28 - Client
I like that word. You know what I'm thinking, Engineer and Partner, that the the University Project is more of a library. It's an inventory. It doesn't directly connect to what Engineer needs to have done. But I think what I could do is go to them. I'll look at the input that I went into, because all of that level, those 22 tabs, isn't really necessary, but is imagine 20 people working two years, volunteers and paid staff, inputting data, these stories. They're going on to a backend inputting thing, password protected. How do we marry that? And I think I'm going to scale back some of the stuff. I don't think at this point we need to know, because AI can do this. For instance, I don't need them to hard or anyone to hardwire what are the 22 top of the Band B. Because AI will do that. So this is, I think I figured it out. What is the minimal amount of information we need so that Engineer can rock the world with the help of AI? That's really, wow. Just had a lucid moment, Partner.

1:14:44 - Engineer
When it comes to that type of setup, it's not necessarily like, like I said, we don't want the AI to hallucinate, right? This is, again, culture and art. So that's why we have to be really sensitive with what is exactly AI in this App and what exactly is the App itself, right? We really have to differentiate. I don't want it to get it mixed up where AI is making the App, right? Because then it comes to the point where it mixes its own personal biases and it mixes that information from that one social platform guy 15 years ago that said, oh, I met the a member of Band B, but he has no idea who they are, right? And we don't want it to have kind of like a mix feelings, right? So like you said, you've been developing these stories very unique to them. And that's why that document is so important. That's why the NDA was also needed, right? It's very unique. And it's very like, it's not something, it's very quality content. And it's not necessarily like when you said for the MIS students, it's not necessarily they need to build a system where I can just get that information over, but more, hey, this is the information. How can I optimally give this to the AI? Because AI can also be overwhelming. If you give me 24 pages, is worth of information, my AI won't be able to handle that. But if you can give me maybe five pages of that 24 pages of perfectly nicely layered out stuff of exactly what my AI needs, then we can build all of these extra dots on the map and these extra pages and these extra timelines and all of that. And I'm not going to sit here and say, oh, this App is automated. It's still going to take a lot of technical input and overviewing. But most of the time consuming part has been shrunken because of well.

1:16:27 - Client
Well, tomorrow morning, I'll send to the two of you the 57 page document. Actually, when I was working in LLMVendor, I work in LLMVendor in chat, LLMVendor couldn't do it all. And it timed me out and said, come back tomorrow at 2 a.m. So I went into the chat, which I've used before, and it got me far enough. Now I'm going bring it back into LLMVendor because it's learned more from me, LLMVendor has, is to go through that 57-page document and ask it to put it into the tone most familiar to Client and the authenticity by which we approach it. And when it spits out that, then I'll send that to you and you can see, and I could even ask it to try to pull together a quick list of a key, it's already done a bunch of address It's actually quite impressive, I think.

1:17:20 - Partner
Client, maybe the marriage here, just listening to the conversation, and Engineer, tell me if the marriage between what you're doing and what he's trying to get from the University is. Client goes back to them and says, here's all this content. I need UMIS students to design a platform that organizes all of this data, so then we can put it into AI. That's the part that it sounds like you need, that organizational part, Engineer. And that would, you'll have to give, my suspicion is you'll have to give some parameters around it, or you'll have to say, hey, do this, this, and this, or check in every once in a while to make sure they're going on the right path. And then they can go and just create the database that that helps AI organize?

1:18:14 - Engineer
I think there's two sides to that. And there's one that is, yes, the database that is going to give the final output that is the first input to my App. And the second part of that, as Client said, there will be a lot of people contributing their own stories, right? Because art is unique to each individual person, regardless of me and thousands of people. I actually have music lyrics right here. We're shooting a music video later today. It's fun. But it's very unique. There's gonna be a lot of people, especially learning about this App, that's gonna want to, maybe if they have a story that they really believe they wanna share, this can be a great platform. I know earlier, I didn't get to the point in the Demo, but you wanted this place to also have a social media feed area where you can say, oh, look where I went to, and we can have a cool integration with that. And I wish I can go more into that, but I have to leave it. No, we'll pick this up. We can pick it up as well. Also having kind of a system where people can upload their info and it can get nicely organized, nicely checked. And then once it's verified, then it can go back into my App.

1:19:19 - Client
And, you know, having Partner, that is so potentially fundable by an BigTechCo1. I mean, that is. Yeah, that's a very attractive feature.

1:19:29 - Partner
So so so I think this is this is a decision time for us or you, Client, is to say which path this is. They stay go on. It's the, you developed a platform that people can input stuff and then it'll organize it, right? However, they're going to do that. And they should probably also speak to Engineer so that it's not in, it's done with his thing in mind. Or do we take everything and say, organize it in a way so then it can more easily go to Engineer? It strikes me like it's one of those two paths and you need to think about that. And it might just be, here's these two paths, professor, what do you think? And that's where we'll go with it.

1:20:14 - Engineer
And I do have to get going here.

1:20:17 - Unidentified Speaker
We're good, Engineer.

1:20:19 - Engineer
Any last questions about the App itself? What I'm going to do is deploy a link. And later tonight, it might be late because I'm come home a little bit late. Don't tell my mom. What I'll do is I'll send a link to you and then you'll be able to do on the App on your own and you could kind of check out the features by yourself and like log in and see how it works.

1:20:40 - Client
I'm beyond pleased. Partner, thank you, Engineer. I'm going to an all you can eat crab thing up an a neighborhood here in about 30 minutes, so I'm going to be one happy, sick dude at about one in the morning.

1:20:54 - Engineer
I I'm about to go on my motorcycle, so excellent.

1:21:01 - Client
Partner, thank you. All right. Thanks, guys.

1:21:04 - Engineer
Thank you. First off, last thing is just, again, thank you. I always love working on these type of projects and especially building something on the culture side. It's what I do. And then, Partner, thank you again for connecting us. And what I'll do is I'll send a forward, like another just email. And then from here, what I see potentially in the future is just you can send me over that doc. I can add, I can finish up the timeline. I can add a couple more points and we can get it a little bit more functional and we can reconvene for a much shorter meeting, maybe 10, 20 minutes. I can just like, it's going to be the same App, just with a lot more content. And then I hand this App over to you guys and you can take it to your board and the rest of the people in the Project and see if this is worth pursuing. And if this is something you're worth pursuing, then we can talk from there. What I'm going to need and what not only assistant with the content, but just assistance overall, whether it be financially, whether that be with the content, whether it be with the people I work with, whether it be the vision. And then we can kind of curate a plan with a timeline that can get this App from to my computer, to the App store, and then from the App store to partners with whoever's out there. So we get, I think that's what I'm seeing from here, we just, I get a little bit more content in here. And then afterwards, cause it seems like you guys are happy with the framework and how I set it up. So I'm going to keep that the same and just add a little bit more content. So you could show kind of the functionality to everybody. And then from there, if that's something you guys see in the future of the City, the City rocks, then we can take it from there.

1:22:47 - Client
That all sounds good to me, my friend.

1:22:50 - Engineer
Have a great night, everybody. Thank you, Partner. Thank you, Client.